Scenario1

Question 1. What are the strengths and weaknesses of each option?
Ans.
Option A: 
Strengths: This option allows the Instructor dimension to be included in the fact table, which will enable users to easily query the data for information about
 specific instructors. It also allows the grain of the fact table to remain at one row per student per course, which will make it easy to aggregate data for
 analysis. 

Weaknesses: This option requires the creation of special rows in the Instructor dimension to represent instructor teams, which could make the dimension more 
complex and potentially harder to understand and use. Additionally, this option may not accurately represent the actual enrollment of each instructor, as the 
enrollment will be split equally among the instructors in a team. 

Option B: 
Strengths: This option allows for the inclusion of the Instructor dimension in the fact table and enables accurate representation of enrollments for each 
instructor. It also allows for the possibility of querying data at the student-course-instructor grain, which may be useful for some analysis. 

Weaknesses: This option requires changing the grain of the fact table to one row per student per course per instructor, which may make it more difficult to 
aggregate data for analysis at higher levels. It also requires the use of fractional values in the EnrollmentCount field, which may be confusing for users. 

Option C: 
Strengths: This option allows for the creation of two separate fact tables, one for general enrollment data and one for data at the student-course-instructor 
grain. This allows users to choose the appropriate fact table for their specific analysis needs and ensures that the data is accurately represented in each table. 
Weaknesses: This option requires the creation and maintenance of two separate fact tables, which may increase complexity and the burden on the warehouse. It may 
also require users to remember to use the appropriate fact table for their queries, which could lead to errors or incorrect results if they use the wrong table. 

Question 2. Which option would you choose and why?
Ans.
Given the options presented, I would choose Option C. This option allows for the creation of two separate fact tables, one with the Instructor dimension and one 
without, which enables users to choose the appropriate table for their analysis needs. This ensures that the data is accurately represented and avoids the need 
for special rows or fractional values in the fact table. 

Question 3. Would your answer to Question 2 be different if the majority of classes had multiple instructors? Howabout if only one or two classes had multiple
 instructors?
Ans.
If the majority of classes had multiple instructors, I would still choose Option C. This option would allow for the creation of two separate fact tables that
 accurately represent the data for classes with single and multiple instructors. If only one or two classes had multiple instructors, I may consider Option A or B 
 as well. However, I would still ultimately choose Option C as it allows for the greatest flexibility in querying and analysis, while still ensuring that the data
 is accurately represented. 

Question 4. [OPTIONAL] Can you think of another reasonable alternative design besides Options A, B, and C? Ifso, what are the advantages and disadvantages 
of your alternative design?
Ans.
An alternative design that could be considered is to include the Instructor dimension in the fact table, but to also include a separate column for instructor 
allocation, which would represent the fraction of the enrollment that each instructor is responsible for. This would allow for the inclusion of the Instructor
 dimension in the fact table while still accurately representing enrollments for each instructor. However, this design may also increase the complexity of the
 fact table and could potentially be confusing for users.

Scenario 2

5. What are the strengths and weaknesses of each option?  
 Ans: Option A:  
   
 Strengths-->  
   
 Simple and easy to implement.  
 Minimal storage requirement as there is no need for additional tables.  
   
 Weaknesses-->  
   
 Historical data cannot be preserved. As a result, there is no way to see how a customer’s activity or profitability score has changed over time.  
 It is not suitable for reporting or analysis purposes, as the previous scores will be overwritten with the new scores.  
   
 Option B:  
   
 Strengths-->  
   
 Historical data can be preserved by creating new rows with updated scores.  Suitable for analysis and reporting purposes as it can track changes in scores 
 over time.  
   
 Weaknesses-->  
   
 Requires more storage than Option A as there is a need for additional rows.  
 More complex to implement than Option A.  
   
 Option C:  
   
 Strengths--> 
   
 The number of rows in the CustomerScores table is fixed, which reduces storage requirements.  Suitable for analysis and reporting purposes.  
   
 Weaknesses-->
   
 The combination of activity and profitability scores may not be sufficient to represent customer behavior accurately.  
 Does not track changes in scores over time.  
   
 Option D:  
   
 Strengths--> 
   
 Allows for historical tracking of scores and reduces storage requirements by using an outrigger table.  
   
 Weaknesses-->  
   
 Complex to implement.  
 
   
   
6. Which option would you choose and why?  
   
 Ans: Option B is the best choice because it allows for historical tracking of scores while still being suitable for analysis 
      and reporting purposes. Although it requires more storage than Option A, it is more flexible and useful in the long run. 
 
7. Would your answer to Question 6 be different if the number of customers and/or the time interval  
 between score recalculations was much larger or much smaller? (Explain your answer.)  
 Ans If the number of customers or the time interval between score recalculations were much larger, 
     then Option C may become more attractive due to its reduced storage requirements. 
     However, if the time interval between score recalculations were much smaller,
     then Option D might be more suitable as it would minimize the number of updates to the Customer dimension.  
  
 8. [OPTIONAL] Can you think of another reasonable alternative design besides Options A, B, C, and D?  
     If so, what are the advantages and disadvantages of your alternative design?  
 Ans Another possible design would be to use a hybrid approach between Option A and Option B,
     where the current score is stored in the Customer dimension as a type 1 slowly changing dimension,
     while historical scores are stored in a separate CustomerScoreHistory table as a type 2 slowly changing dimension.
     This approach would minimize storage requirements while still allowing for historical tracking of scores. However, 
     it would be more complex to implement and maintain than


